Clarify project naming (#2867)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/README.md

"MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", and "SHALL NOT" requirements defined in
the [specification][].

## Project Naming

- The official project name is "OpenTelemetry" (with no space between "Open" and
  "Telemetry").

> - The official acronym used by the OpenTelemetry project is "OTel". Refrain from

Reviewer: How about OTEL? I see it used way more often than OTel

```suggestion
- The official acronyms used by the OpenTelemetry project are "OTel" / "OTEL". Refrain from
```

Author: Sounds good to me 👍

I've seen "OTEL" a lot in the environment variables, haven't seen it a lot in docs though.

Reviewer: Yeah, I didn't mean docs but the everyday comms (chats, tickets, etc.) 
It's easier to type all caps than to switch case mid-word.

Reviewer 2: I usually see `OTel` written in camel case.
Wouldn't `OTEL` suggest an acronym composed of four words as in `HTTP`, `AMQP`, `FWIW`, `LGTM` and the like?
In that sense `OT` would be the right acronym for OpenTelemetry but that one is already taken by OpenTracing.

Author: For now I'll leave `OTEL` out of the scope of this PR.

  using "OT" in order to avoid confusion with the now deprecated "OpenTracing"
  project.

> - The official names for individual implementations follow the pattern of
>   "OpenTelemetry {the name of the programming language or runtime}", for
>   example, "OpenTelemetry Python" and "OpenTelemetry .NET".

Reviewer 3: what about other components like collector, operator, helm chart, etc? Could this be generalized?

```suggestion
- The official names for sub-projects, like language specific implementations, follow the pattern of
  "OpenTelemetry {the name of the programming language, runtime or component}", for
  example, "OpenTelemetry Python", "OpenTelemetry .NET" or "OpenTelemetry Collector".
```
